I18n (#39)
alephium/wiki: README.md

```

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

## Internationalization (i18n)

You are welcome to submit translations of the wiki pages. So far we only have a small portion of the wiki translated to French. We currently only have capacity to review the following languages:

- French
- German
- Swedish
- Turkish

If your translation is a mere Google translation without any correction, the Pull Request will likely not be accepted.

> **Before you begin translating, please consider your submission as *commitment* to maintain the pages in sync with any changes happening in the english version**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Before you begin translating, please consider your submission as *commitment* to maintain the pages in sync with any changes happening in the English version**
```

### Enable a new language for translation

> 1. Create a folder for the documents inside the `i18n` folder. For example german: `mkdir -p i18n/<two-letter-international-code>/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current` (*note that you will need replace `<two-letter-international-code>` with the actual two-letter international code*).

Reviewer: Where can the translator find the list of `<two-letter-international-code>`?

Author: Good catch, thought i had included it:
https://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/php/English_list.php

Should probably replace `two-letter-international-code>` with `<ISO-639-1>` also

Author: added

2. Copy all the content from `/docs` into the new folder: `cp -r docs i18n/<two-letter-international-code>/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/` (*again, note that you will need replace `<two-letter-international-code>` with the actual two-letter international code*).
3. Remove all the `_category_.json` files from the subfolders inside `i18n/<two-letter-international-code>/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current`.
4. Build the translation files for the navbar and the footer: `npm run write-translations -- --locale <two-letter-international-code>`.

> Now you can start translating any and all file in `i18n/<two-letter-international-code>/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can start translating all files in `i18n/<two-letter-international-code>/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current`
```

Author: all AND any because you don't have to translate all of them if you only have caoacity for one
